Explanation on steps,source,and destination nodes (#8759)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/migration/migration-tool-internal-spec.md

Configuration data is accessible via \Migration\Config class.

> ### steps available operations {#steps}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Steps available operations {#steps}
```

|Document|Field|

> |--- |--- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|---|---|
```

> |step|Second level node inside the Steps node. Description of the relevant step.|

Reviewer 2: We should make it clear that it is the title attribute that takes the description.

Author: @dobooth  I have updated the description for this. Please review it and let me know If any changes requires

> |step|It is the second level node inside the Steps node. It provides title to the relavent steps.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|step|Second level node inside the Steps node. Description of the relevant step.|
```

> |integrity|It specifies the PHP class responsible for the integrity check. It compares the table field names, types, and other info to verify compatibility between Magento 1 and 2 data structures.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|integrity|Specifies the PHP class responsible for the integrity check. Compares the table field names, types, and other info to verify compatibility between Magento 1 and 2 data structures.|
```

> |data|It specifies the PHP class responsible for the data check. It transfers the data, table by table from Magento 1 and 2.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|data|Specifies the PHP class responsible for the data check. Transfers the data, table by table from Magento 1 to Magento 2.|
```
I believe it should say "from M1 to M2"

> |volume|It specifies the PHP class responsible for the volume check. It compares the number of records between tables to verify that the transfer was successful.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|volume|Specifies the PHP class responsible for the volume check. Compares the number of records between tables to verify that the transfer was successful.|
```

Reviewer 3: hi

> |delta|It specifies the PHP class responsible for the delta check. It transfers the delta from Magento 1 to Magento 2 after the full data migration.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|delta|Specifies the PHP class responsible for the delta check. Transfers the delta from Magento 1 to Magento 2 after the full data migration.|
```

> ### source available operations {#source}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Source available operations {#source}
```

|Document|Field|Required?|

> |--- |--- |--- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|---|---|---|
```

> |name|Database name of the Magento 1 server.|yes|

Reviewer 2: These all go in the <database> node within the source and destination nodes. And these are not 'available operations' but really database information attributes.

Author: @dobooth  Thanks for the info. I have updated the title for this source and destination section. Please review it and let me know if any changes require.

> |host|Host IP address of the Magento 1 server|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|host|Host IP address of the Magento 1 server.|yes|
```

|port|Port number of the Magento 1 server.|no|

> |user|Username of the Magento 1 database server|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|user|Username of the Magento 1 database server.|yes|
```

> |password|Password of the Magento 1 database server|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|password|Password of the Magento 1 database server.|yes|
```

> |ssl_ca|Path to SSL Certificate Authority file|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ssl_ca|Path to SSL Certificate Authority file.|no|
```

> |ssl_cert|Path to SSL Certificate file|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ssl_cert|Path to SSL Certificate file.|no|
```

> |ssl_key|Path to SSL Key file|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ssl_key|Path to SSL Key file.|no|
```

> ### destination available operations {#destination}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Destination available operations {#destination}
```

|Document|Field|Required?|

> |--- |--- |--- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|---|---|---|
```

> |name|Database name of the Magento 2 server.|yes|

Reviewer: Put fullstop at the end of every field description statement
